Let's start by structuring the app there's a super important of course because we get to know what we're
going to build.
So let's break up the app into different pieces and see what we need to build in this section.
The advantage we have is that we know it is finished.
But you could also think of this as being drawn on a piece of paper when we first think about Yep we
definitely want to have a section or a page where we do have different categories of quotes we can pick
from then if we click on one of the categories we probably want to go to the detail page there which
allows us to click favorite on some quote.
We get this alert asking us if we really want to favorite this and if we pick yes year and then go back
to the Favorites we will see that the code was actually added to our favorites page.
There we also want to be able to click on a quote and display this modal and we also need to be possible
to open up this side menu where we can go to the settings and there if we switch to background it will
change the background of the quote in the favorite quotes list.
This is the idea behind this app this is your structure you saw in the previous lecture.
Now let's create all those things.
The idea is that we start step by step and the first step probably is to create all those pages we need.
Now in this section we're going to cover a lot of things you don't know yet but creating pages is something
you already learned.
So it might be a nice challenge and exercise to work on this right now and to create the pages on your
own.
No worries.
I will do that together with you in the next lecture.
Which page will we need.
Well you can see them on this slide here.
We need a library page which lists the categories of quotes and then we need kind of a quotes page which
lists the quotes for a chosen category.
Then we all need a page for the Favorites tab here where we display all quotes we marked as favorites
and if we click on a single quote there we also displayed us motile.
That's a separate page to thread.
Now we were at four pages but then we also have the settings page here at the bottom if you click the
Settings tab in the menu.
So these are the pages we need feel free to create them on your own.
As I said in the next lecture we will do this together and thereafter we will start hooking them up
and filling them with live Step-By-Step